chore(firestore-bigquery-export) updated example query to include deleted records (#708)
firebase/extensions: firestore-bigquery-export/guides/EXAMPLE_QUERIES.md

### Remove stale data from your changelog table

If you want to clean up data from your `changelog` table, use the following
`DELETE` query to delete all rows that fall within a certain time period, 
e.g. greater than 1 month old.

```sql
/* The query below deletes any rows below that are over one month old. */

> DELETE FROM `TABLENAME_raw_changelog`
> WHERE (document_name, timestamp) IN
> (
>   WITH latest AS (
>     SELECT MAX(timestamp) as timestamp, document_name
>     FROM `TABLENAME_raw_changelog`
>     GROUP BY document_name
>   )
>   SELECT (t.document_name, t.timestamp)
>   FROM `TABLENAME_raw_changelog` AS t

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DELETE FROM `[PROJECT ID].[DATASET ID].[CHANGELOG TABLE ID]`
WHERE (document_name, timestamp) IN
(
  WITH latest AS (
    SELECT MAX(timestamp) as timestamp, document_name
    FROM `[PROJECT ID].[DATASET ID].[CHANGELOG TABLE ID]`
    GROUP BY document_name
  )
  SELECT (t.document_name, t.timestamp)
  FROM `[PROJECT ID].[DATASET ID].[CHANGELOG TABLE ID]` AS t
```

```sql
/* The first WHERE clause is the start of the time range, and the second WHERE
   clause is the end of the time range. The query below deletes any rows below that are over one

>    month old and have been deleted. */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   month old. */
```
